(THEME MUSIC PLAYING)
(ROARS)
(NARRATOR READING)
(KION READING)
What's next, Bunga?
(CHUCKLING) Oh,
you're gonna love this one!
I call it the splash-less
triple spin-a-rama dive.
Zuka Zama!
Ooh!
Wow!
You barely
made a splash.
Nice one, Little B.
Yeah. That's one dive
even I can appreciate.
What can I say?
When ya got it, ya got it.
You want me to teach ya?
That's okay.
Okay. Suit yourself.
And now, for my next dive,
I'll attempt a spectacular...
LAINI: Lion Guard!
Lion Guard!
ALL: Help!
Help!
What in the Pride Lands?
Heyvi kabis...
Please say
you'll help us,
Kion!
Please, oh, please,
oh, please!
(MUFFLED)
Whoa!
(GALAGOS SCREAMING)
Ugh. Really?
Save us!
Hey, hey!
Easy on the ears!
Hey, there,
little gally-ally-go.
Laini?
What's the kerbubble?
What's gotten
all you galagos
so upset?
Oh, nothing.
Just that...
A leopard moved
into our trees!
A leopard?
What?
What did she say?
But the Pride Lands
doesn't have any leopards.
It does now.
He climbed up
into our tree
this morning.
And he wants
to eat us!
So will you
help us, Kion?
Huh?
Speak up!
(MUFFLED)
Oh. Sorry.
(SIGHS) Of course
we'll help you.
Yeah, we'd never let
a leopard eat you guys.
"Eating flies"?
Who's eating flies?
Stay here.
We'll go get the leopard
out of your tree.
Sounds good?
Oh, I don't know.
We were hoping
we could stay with you.
Nothing can hurt us
if we're with the Lion Guard.
Ugh! Will someone get
these galagos off my ears,
so I can hear
what's going on?
(GASPS)
You didn't miss much.
They want to stay with us.
Please?
What?
No. No way.
Oh, come on, Fuli.
They're not so bad.
You and the other
galagos will be safe here.
A lot safer than
if you're with us,
when we take on
the leopard.
Oh, good point.
(WAILING IN DISTANCE)
Now what?
Ono!
On it!
Uh-oh.
We have to go.
There's a giraffe
stuck in a tree.
"A giraffe stuck in a tree"?
Are there still
galagos on my ears?
That is what I said.
It's... He's...
Oh.
(STUTTERING)
You've gotta see it
for yourself.
Come on!
Lion Guard, let's go!
But the leopard?
You promised you'd get
the leopard, Kion!
You promised!
And we will.
Right after
we help the giraffe.
Then we'll come
back here for you.
Okay.
Thank you, Kion.
Till the
Pride Lands' end...
ALL: Lion Guard defend!
(ALL GASPING)
I don't believe it.
It really is a giraffe
stuck in a tree!
Like my dad says,
"Live long enough
and you'll see everything."
(GROANING)
Oh, uh, hi.
Shingo?
What happened?
I was just trying
to get to the last of
the acacia leaves.
They're so good.
(GROANING)
Um, I wouldn't do that
if I were you.
Ah! (MUFFLED)
I see what you mean.
Don't worry, Shingo.
We're on it.
Bunga, you'll need
to climb up there and
help pull Shingo free.
With pleasure.
Zuka Zama!
Okay, let's get
that tongue free.
Whoa.
Hey, Shingo.
Your tongue's kind of bumpy.
Yeah, I know.
Hey, easy there!
(GROANING)
I can't free your tongue
if you keep moving it.
Ah! (WHIMPERS)
GALAGOS: Help us!
(GALAGOS SCREAMING)
Aw, look who it is.
Laini? What are you...
(SCREAMS)
Cut it out, you guys!
(LAUGHING)
(GRUNTS)
Hey, gally-ally-go!
I'm free!
(SIGHS) Thanks, guys.
(GASPS) Ooh! Is that
another acacia tree?
I told you to wait at
Hakuna Matata Falls!
What happened?
Everything was
fine at first.
But then we heard
this sound.
Was it the leopard?
No, it sounded like this.
(BLOWS RASPBERRY)
Yep. That'd be
my Uncle Pumbaa.
And then there was
this horrible smell.
Definitely Pumbaa.
Well, Pumbaa won't hurt you.
Beshte's right, Laini.
You and the galagos should
go back to the falls.
It's safer there.
Oh, we have to
stay with you.
Please?
Okay, galagos.
We'll be right over there
at your tree.
Stay here.
Be careful, Kion.
The leopard is fierce.
Really fierce!
Don't worry, so am I.
(SNORING)
(WHISPERING)
Surround the tree.
When he wakes up,
we want to be ready.
(SNORING CONTINUES)
Ono! Now!
(YELLS)
(GASPS)
(GROWLS)
KION: Now!
(WAILING)
No, please don't hurt me!
I didn't mean to growl.
I thought you were baboons!
Baboons?
Yes!
They were chasing me
in my dream.
Hundreds of them.
Ooh, I've had that dream.
It's bad.
Hang on, are you
the big, scary leopard?
(SNIFFLES) No!
I'm Badili.
The big, friendly leopard.
If you're so friendly,
why'd you scare away
the galagos?
Galagos?
What are galagos?
They're the animals
who live here.
You took their home.
(GALAGOS CHITTERING)
Aw, they're so cute.
Hi, there!
(GALAGOS SHRIEKING)
They're a little
scared of you.
Oh, they shouldn't be.
I didn't mean to
take their home.
I just didn't have
anyplace else to go.
What about your home?
You're a leopard.
Don't you have
your own territory?
Oh, sure.
It's in Mirihi Forest.
That's way out
in the Back Lands.
That's right.
But I really like it
here in the Pride Lands.
The trees are more comfy.
Really?
Oh, hey!
I have an idea.
Maybe the galagos and I
could share the tree?
We'd have all kinds of
fun together, right?
(GALAGOS SCREAMING)
The leopard is not
staying in our tree!
The galagos are right,
Badili.
You need to go back home.
(SOBBING)
Do I really have to?
(CLEARS THROAT)
Uh, I mean...
Are you sure you don't
wanna keep me around?
I'm lots of fun!
I'm great at games!
Wanna play tag?
Not with those claws.
Badili,
is there a reason
you don't want
to go home?
(NERVOUSLY) What?
No, don't be silly.
Of course
I want to go home.
It's my home.
I just, you know, uh,
wanted to try a new home
for a while.
And you did.
But now
it's time to go back
where you belong.
We'll even
walk you there.
You will?
Oh, that's great.
'Cause I definitely wasn't
going to wait until you left
and climb up
that tree again.
(CHUCKLES NERVOUSLY)
Oh, that would be
as silly as an elephant
trying to squeeze
into a meerkat hole!
(LAUGHING)
(SIGHS)
Right.
Laini, we're taking
Badili home now.
The grove is all yours.
Uh, thank you, Kion!
Time to go.
(SIGHS)
Fine.
GALAGOS: (WHOOPING) Hooray!
Mihiri Forest, just ahead!
Great! That's fantastic.
Hey, is anyone else parched?
We passed a watering hole
a while ago.
I say we double back
and check it out.
Badili,
what's goin' on?
You keep making excuses
like you don't want to
go home.
Excuses?
No way!
I can't wait to be home.
Almost there. Yay!
So, thanks for the walk.
Maybe we'll see each other
again some time.
There we go.
Now,
anyone else think
that watering hole
sounded good?
Wait, Bunga.
Something's not right.
Come on.
So, this is...
This is all good, right?
We can go?
Not yet.
(SIGHS)
(ROARS)
(YELPS)
(CACKLES)
What's the matter,
Badili?
Scare ya?
Um, maybe a little.
A little?
Okay, a lot.
Correct me
if I'm wrong,
but I thought I told you
this ain't your turf no more.
I know, I know, but...
Didn't I make
myself clear?
Was I speaking a language
you don't understand?
Uh...
No.
So why'd
you come back?
I... I... I...
(MOCKING)
You... You... You...
You what?
You miss me?
Forget how much bigger
and how much stronger I am?
Oh. Oh, no.
No, I remembered.
That Mapigano is
not a nice leopard.
Yeah, but Badili
can't just let him
take over his home!
(SIGHS)
I think he already did.
All of this
is my turf now.
So you need to scram.
Again.
I did go away.
But this is my home.
It's where I belong.
So...
Here we go. And now
he's gonna tell him.
(GULPS)
Maybe we can share it?
Seriously?
Why wouldn't Badili
stick up for himself?
Maybe he needs someone
to stick up for him.
Share it?
(LAUGHING)
You make me laugh.
(LAUGHING NERVOUSLY)
(LAUGHTER CONTINUES)
Enough with the laughing.
Get out! Now!
KION: I've got
a better idea!
You get out!
This isn't your turf.
Oh, yeah?
Says who?
Says the Lion Guard!
Badili's our friend.
You mess with him,
you mess with us.
And believe me,
you don't wanna
mess with us.
Why do you even care?
Look at him.
He's not even a leopard.
He's a scaredy-cat!
He is a leopard.
And this is his turf.
That means
you have to go back
where you came from!
Or don't.
But then,
we'll have trouble.
I don't think
you'd like that.
But I might.
(CHUCKLES NERVOUSLY)
Hey!
We're all friends here,
right?
I wasn't gonna stay.
I was just visiting
my old pal, that's all.
Great to see you, buddy.
We'll do it
again sometime.
Bye-bye!
That was amazing!
(SIGHS)
How can I ever
thank you guys?
You don't have to
thank us at all, Badili.
This is what we do.
But why didn't
you just tell us
a mean leopard kicked you
out of your territory?
I was embarrassed.
Leopards
are supposed to be fierce
and fight for their turf.
But I get too scared.
It's okay to be scared.
You don't have
to be embarrassed.
Actually, Mapigano's
the one who's scared now.
He's already far away.
And he's gone for good.
He knows the Lion Guard
has your back.
Thanks, guys.
You're the best.
Our pleasure, Badili.
Maybe we'll see you
again sometime.
Bye-bye!
Later! See you!
All clear on this side
of Embamba Canyon!
Thanks, Ono.
Looks like we'll finish
our patrol early today.
That's what happens
when we don't have to deal
with panicked galagos.
Like yesterday.
Yeah.
They sure were
cute though.
Sure were.
LAINI: Lion Guard!
(SIGHS)
I can almost
hear them now.
LAINI: Lion Guard!
You can hear them now.
Look!
Lion Guard!
Oh, no.
Don't tell me...
The leopard!
He's back in our trees!
I'm sure he wants
to eat us this time!
Badili? No way.
It can't be him.
(SNORING)
BUNGA: It's him!
(MOANS)
Badili. Badili!
I know how
to wake him up.
(GRUNTS)
(YELPS) Whoa!
Oh! Hi, guys!
Great to see you again!
Thanks for dropping in!
Badili,
you're supposed
to be back home.
What happened?
(SIGHS) Mapigano.
The mean leopard?
But we chased him off!
I know.
You were amazing!
(SIGHS) It was so peaceful
and nice with him gone.
But then he came back.
Hmm.
You know, I think
we made a big mistake.
We never should have
gotten rid of Mapigano.
What?
No, you should have!
It was the best!
In fact,
I was kind of hoping
you might do it again?
Sure!
We'll take care
of him for you.
Let's go!
No!
We're not helping Badili
by scaring that other
leopard away for him.
We need to teach you
how to stand up for yourself.
You mean,
teach me to fight?
I don't know
if I can do that.
You don't have to.
We didn't have to
fight Mapigano when
we scared him away.
No...
But you're
the Lion Guard.
Yeah, but Mapigano
didn't know anything
about us.
He just saw
we wouldn't back down.
But I will back down.
I'm not confident
like you guys.
The only reason
we're confident
is because we believe
in ourselves.
You just need to
believe in yourself, too.
How am I gonna do that?
I'm not like you.
You're the fiercest,
bravest, fastest, strongest
and keenest of sight!
I'm just a nice leopard
that wants to be left alone.
Badili, look at me.
That mean leopard
is picking on you because
he knows you'll back down.
But you can still be nice
and stand up for yourself.
Beshte's
the perfect example.
He's a super-nice guy,
but he's still confident.
And you can be, too.
But how?
I think we can
help you there.
Yeah!
I can help you learn to
be fast on your feet.
And I can help you
get stronger.
I'll teach you
to be brave!
And I'll teach you
to be...
Huh.
I can't really teach you
to be keener of sight.
(GASPS) You could
teach him how to fly!
Or not.
Ono, you can help Badili
with eye contact.
Looking
someone in the eyes
lets them know
you're confident
and fierce!
I see what you mean.
So what do you say, Badili?
It sounds great.
But I'll never be
as good as you guys
at all that stuff.
You don't have to be.
Fuli's right.
As long as you believe
in your own abilities,
you'll be confident enough
to stand up to Mapigano.
You really think so?
I know so.
Okay.
Let's do it!
(MUSIC PLAYING)
♪ Find your roar
(SCREAMS)
♪ Yeah, you got the roar
inside of you
(GROWLS AND SCREAMS)
♪ Here ain't nothin'
will frighten you
(ROARS)
♪ So, let's hear it
Don't fear it
♪ Let's hear the roar
♪ Find your roar
(GROWLS)
(ROARS)
Ha! (LAUGHS)
♪ Find your roar
♪ Yeah, you got the roar
inside of you
♪ Here ain't nothin'
will frighten you
♪ So, let's hear it
Don't fear it
♪ Let's hear the roar ♪
(GROWLS)
(ROARS)
(ALL CHEERING)
What do you think, Badili?
Ready to face Mapigano?
I can't wait.
So when you
talk to Mapigano,
what do you do?
I speak calm and strong,
I stand tall,
and I look him in the eyes.
And if he calls
you a mean name,
what do you say?
I say, "My name's Badili.
"Use it."
And if he tells you
to go away?
I say, "No.
"This is my turf."
How about if he tries
to scare you?
He can't.
He's not scary.
He's just a leopard,
same as me.
And how do you know
he's not scary?
Because I found my roar.
Better believe it.
Now go take back your turf.
We're gonna stay
and watch, right?
Wouldn't miss it
for the whole savannah.
(SNORING)
(THUDDING)
Huh? Huh? What?
(WHISPERING)
Way to be strong.
What? What just happened?
I happened.
I'm totally gonna
use that line.
Back again, Badili?
Where are all
your little buddies?
Did you bring 'em along
to stand up for you again?
Nope. Just me.
This is my turf.
That means
you have to go.
You tell him, Badili.
Oh. Oh, yeah?
And who's gonna make me?
You?
(WHIMPERS)
(ROARS)
(YELPS)
(LAUGHING)
That's what I thought.
Same old Badili.
You're nothing
but a scaredy-cat.
No, don't let him
call you names.
No, I...
I'm not scared.
Oh!
This doesn't look good.
We gotta help him.
No!
I believe in Badili.
He can do this himself.
Ha!
You sure sound
scared to me.
(INHALES)
Well, I'm not.
I'm not scared of you,
Mapigano.
(SNICKERS) Is that right?
Well, maybe you should be!
Huh?
You'll have to be
faster than that!
(ROARS)
(SOFTLY) See? I have
confidence in myself.
'Cause I know
what I can do.
And I'm not
afraid to prove it.
Oh, yeah? Well...
Step a little closer
and say that!
Is this close enough?
Oh, was that too close?
(STUTTERING)
No, I just...
I'm not scared of you,
Mapigano.
And I'll never be
scared of you again.
So you should go.
Now.
Oh, yeah?
Well...
I said now!
(ROARING)
(WHIMPERS)
And stay out!
Way to go, Badili!
I don't think you'll
see that guy again.
(WHIMPERS)
Could you tell
how scared I was?
Are you kidding?
You looked nothing
but brave!
I'm the keenest of sight.
And what I saw was a leopard
standing up for himself.
I couldn't have
done it without you.
Thanks for
believing in me.
No.
You believed
in yourself.
That's what
really counts.
And now that you
have your turf back,
we can let the galagos know
it's safe to go home.
Oh, yeah.
Uh, tell 'em I said "Hi."
And, um, "Sorry."
(SIGHS)
Now this is more like it!
Yep. Everything's right
in the Pride Lands again.
LAINI: Help!
Lion Guard! Help!
Come quick!
There's someone
in our tree!
(SIGHS) Not again.
You're not gonna
believe this.
(ALL SNORING)
Bunga?
Oh, hi, guys.
What's up?
You are!
What are you doing
in their tree?
I just had to come back.
These guys are
so soft and cuddly!
Come here, Laini!
(GASPS)
Give me a hug.
Maybe that leopard
wasn't so bad after all.
(ALL LAUGHING)